ID(1): Dear local newspaper , I think effects computers have on people are great learning skills/affects because they give us time to chat with friends/new people , helps us learn about the globe(astronomy ) and keeps us out of troble !  Thing about !  Dont you think so ?  How would you feel if your teenager is always on the phone with friends !  Do you ever time to chat with your friends or buisness partner about things .  Well now - there's a new way to chat the computer , theirs plenty of sites on the internet to do so : @ORGANIZATION1 , @ORGANIZATION2 , @"APS1 , facebook , myspace ect .  Just think now while your setting up meeting with your boss on the computer , your teenager is having fun on the phone not rushing to get off cause you want to use it .  How did you learn about other countrys/states outside of yours ?  Well I have by computer/internet , it's a new way to learn about what going on in our time !  You might think your child spends a lot of time on the computer , but ask them so question about the economy , sea floor spreading or even about the @DATE1's you'll be surprise at how much he/she knows .  Believe it or not the computer is much interesting then in class all day reading out of books .  If your child is home on your computer or at a local library , it's better than being out with friends being fresh , or being perpressured to doing something they know isnt right .  You might not know where your child is , @"APS2 forbidde in a hospital bed because of a drive-by .  Rather than your child on the computer learning , chatting or just playing games , safe and sound in your home or community place .  Now I hope you have reached a point to understand and agree with me , because computers can have great effects on you or child because it gives us time to chat with friends/new people , helps us learn about the globe and believe or not keeps us out of troble .  Thank you for listening .

ID(2): Dear @"APS1 @"APS2 , I believe that using computers will benefit us in many ways like talking and becoming friends will others through websites like facebook and mysace .  Using computers can help us find coordibates , locations , and able ourselfs to millions of information .  Also computers will benefit us by helping with jobs as in planning a house plan and typing a @NUM1 page report for one of our jobs in less than writing it .  Now lets go into the wonder world of technology .  Using a computer will help us in life by talking or making friends on line .  Many people have myspace , facebooks , aim , these all benefit us by having conversations with one another .  Many people believe computers are bad but how can you make friends if you can never talk to them ?  I am very fortunate for having a computer that can help with not only school work but my social life and how I make friends .  "omputers help us with finding our locations , coordibates and millions of information online .  If we didn't go on the internet a lot we wouldn't know how to go onto websites that @MONTH1 help us with locations and coordinates like @LO"ATION1 .  Would you rather use a computer or be in @LO"ATION3 .  When your supposed to be vacationing in @LO"ATION2 .  Million of information is found on the internet .  You can as almost every question and a computer will have it .  Would you rather easily draw up a house plan on the computers or take @NUM1 hours doing one by hand with ugly erazer marks all over it , you are garrenteed that to find a job with a drawing like that .  Also when appling for a job many workers must write very long papers like a @NUM3 word essay on why this job fits you the most , and many people I know don't like writing @NUM3 words non-stopp for hours when it could take them I hav an a computer .  That is why computers we needed a lot now adays .  I hope this essay has impacted your descion on computers because they are great machines to work with .  The other day I showed my mom how to use a computer and she said it was the greatest invention sense sliced bread !  Now go out and buy a computer to help you chat online with friends , find locations and millions of information on one click of the button and help your self with getting a job with neat , prepared , printed work that your boss will love .
